README.md, before:

FFmpeg Java
===========
by Andrew Brampton ([bramp.net](http://bramp.net)) (c) 2013-2014,2016

A fluent interface to running FFmpeg from Java.

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-6+-brightgreen.svg)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper)
[![Maven](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/net.bramp.ffmpeg/ffmpeg.svg)](http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.bramp.ffmpeg/ffmpeg)

[GitHub](https://github.com/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper) | [API docs](https://bramp.github.io/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper/)

Usage
-----

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>net.bramp.ffmpeg</groupId>
  <artifactId>ffmpeg</artifactId>
  <version>0.3</version>
</dependency>
```

```java
FFmpeg ffmpeg = new FFmpeg("/path/to/ffmpeg");
FFprobe ffprobe = new FFprobe("/path/to/ffprobe");

FFmpegBuilder builder = new FFmpegBuilder()

  .setInput("input.mp4")     // Filename, or a FFmpegProbeResult
  .overrideOutputFiles(true) // Override the output if it exists

  .addOutput("output.mp4")   // Filename for the destination
    .setFormat("mp4")        // Format is inferred from filename, or can be set
    .setTargetSize(250_000)  // Aim for a 250KB file

    .disableSubtitle()       // No subtiles

    .setAudioChannels(1)         // Mono audio
    .setAudioCodec("aac")        // using the aac codec
    .setAudioSampleRate(48_000)  // at 48KHz
    .setAudioBitRate(32768)      // at 32 kbit/s

    .setVideoCodec("libx264")     // Video using x264
    .setVideoFrameRate(24, 1)     // at 24 frames per second
    .setVideoResolution(640, 480) // at 640x480 resolution

    .setStrict(FFmpegBuilder.Strict.EXPERIMENTAL) // Allow FFmpeg to use experimental specs
    .done();

FFmpegExecutor executor = new FFmpegExecutor(ffmpeg, ffprobe);

// Run a one-pass encode
executor.createJob(builder).run();

// Or run a two-pass encode (which is slower at the cost of better quality)
executor.createTwoPassJob(builder).run();
```

Install FFmpeg on Ubuntu
-----------------

We only the support the original FFmpeg, not the libav version. Before Ubuntu 12.04, and in 15.04
and later original FFmpeg is shipped. If you have to run on a version with libav, you can install
FFmpeg from a PPA, or using the static build. More information [here](http://askubuntu.com/q/373322/34845)

Licence (Simplified BSD License)
--------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2016, Andrew Brampton
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Updated the README with build/release instructions, and bumped the version to 0.4

README.md, after:

FFmpeg Java
===========
by Andrew Brampton ([bramp.net](http://bramp.net)) (c) 2013-2014,2016

A fluent interface to running FFmpeg from Java.

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-6+-brightgreen.svg)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper)
[![Maven](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/net.bramp.ffmpeg/ffmpeg.svg)](http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.bramp.ffmpeg/ffmpeg)

[GitHub](https://github.com/bramp/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper) | [API docs](https://bramp.github.io/ffmpeg-cli-wrapper/)

Usage
-----

Maven:
```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>net.bramp.ffmpeg</groupId>
  <artifactId>ffmpeg</artifactId>
  <version>0.4</version>
</dependency>
```

Code:
```java
FFmpeg ffmpeg = new FFmpeg("/path/to/ffmpeg");
FFprobe ffprobe = new FFprobe("/path/to/ffprobe");

FFmpegBuilder builder = new FFmpegBuilder()

  .setInput("input.mp4")     // Filename, or a FFmpegProbeResult
  .overrideOutputFiles(true) // Override the output if it exists

  .addOutput("output.mp4")   // Filename for the destination
    .setFormat("mp4")        // Format is inferred from filename, or can be set
    .setTargetSize(250_000)  // Aim for a 250KB file

    .disableSubtitle()       // No subtiles

    .setAudioChannels(1)         // Mono audio
    .setAudioCodec("aac")        // using the aac codec
    .setAudioSampleRate(48_000)  // at 48KHz
    .setAudioBitRate(32768)      // at 32 kbit/s

    .setVideoCodec("libx264")     // Video using x264
    .setVideoFrameRate(24, 1)     // at 24 frames per second
    .setVideoResolution(640, 480) // at 640x480 resolution

    .setStrict(FFmpegBuilder.Strict.EXPERIMENTAL) // Allow FFmpeg to use experimental specs
    .done();

FFmpegExecutor executor = new FFmpegExecutor(ffmpeg, ffprobe);

// Run a one-pass encode
executor.createJob(builder).run();

// Or run a two-pass encode (which is slower at the cost of better quality)
executor.createTwoPassJob(builder).run();
```

Building & Releasing
--------------
If you wish to make changes, then building and releasing is simple:
```bash
# To build
mvn

# To test
mvn test

# To release (pushing jar to maven central)
mvn release:prepare
mvn release:perform

# To publish javadoc
mvn clean javadoc:aggregate scm-publish:publish-scm
```

Install FFmpeg on Ubuntu
-----------------

We only the support the original FFmpeg, not the libav version. Before Ubuntu 12.04, and in 15.04
and later original FFmpeg is shipped. If you have to run on a version with libav, you can install
FFmpeg from a PPA, or using the static build. More information [here](http://askubuntu.com/q/373322/34845)

Licence (Simplified BSD License)
--------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2016, Andrew Brampton
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
